# SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
This Software License Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of 2024-05-30 ("Effective Date") by and between Hypi LTD, registered-company, having its principal place of business at Square Root Business Centre, 102-116 Windmill Road, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 2XQ, UK ("Licensor"), and , registered-company, having its principal place of business at , ("Licensee").

WHEREAS, Licensor owns certain software that it desires to license to Licensee;

WHEREAS, Licensee desires to use such software under the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Definition of Software:
   The term "Software" refers to the MekaDB, including any updates, modifications, or associated documentation provided by Licensor.

2. Grant of License:
   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a limited to applications license to use the Software.

3. Derivative Works:
   No modifications or derivative works are allowed.

4. Commercial Use:
   The Software may be used for commercial purposes.

5. Attribution:
   No attribution is required.

6. Intellectual Property Rights:
   All intellectual property rights in the Software shall remain the property of Licensor. The Licensee does not acquire any rights to the Software except for the limited use rights specified in this Agreement.

7. Warranty and Liability:
   The Software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Licensor shall not be liable for any damages arising out of or related to the use or inability to use the Software.

8. Termination:
   This Agreement shall terminate automatically if Licensee breaches any of its terms and conditions. Upon termination, Licensee must cease all use of the Software and destroy all copies.

9. Governing Law:
   This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of UK.

## Acceptance

By using the software, you agree to all of the terms and conditions herein.

## Copyright License

The licensor grants you a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide,
non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use, copy, distribute, make
available, in each case subject to the limitations and conditions below.

## Limitations

You may not provide the software to third parties as a hosted or managed
service, where the service provides users with access to any substantial set of
the features or functionality of the software.

You may not move, change, disable, or circumvent the license key functionality
in the software, and you may not remove or obscure any functionality in the
software that is protected by the license key.

You may not alter, remove, or obscure any licensing, copyright, or other notices
of the licensor in the software. Any use of the licensorâ€™s trademarks is subject
to applicable law.

## Patents

The licensor grants you a license, under any patent claims the licensor can
license, or becomes able to license, to make, have made, use, sell, offer for
sale, import and have imported the software, in each case subject to the
limitations and conditions in this license. This license does not cover any
patent claims that you cause to be infringed by modifications or additions to
the software. If you or your company make any written claim that the software
infringes or contributes to infringement of any patent, your patent license for
the software granted under these terms ends immediately. If your company makes
such a claim, your patent license ends immediately for work on behalf of your
company.

## No Other Rights

These terms do not imply any licenses other than those expressly granted in
these terms.

## Termination

If you use the software in violation of these terms, such use is not licensed,
and your licenses will automatically terminate. If the licensor provides you
with a notice of your violation, and you cease all violation of this license no
later than 30 days after you receive that notice, your licenses will be
reinstated retroactively. However, if you violate these terms after such
reinstatement, any additional violation of these terms will cause your licenses
to terminate automatically and permanently.

## No Liability

*As far as the law allows, the software comes as is, without any warranty or
condition, and the licensor will not be liable to you for any damages arising
out of these terms or the use or nature of the software, under any kind of
legal claim.*

## Definitions

The **licensor** is the entity offering these terms, and the **software** is the
software the licensor makes available under these terms, including any portion
of it.

**you** refers to the individual or entity agreeing to these terms.

**your company** is any legal entity, sole proprietorship, or other kind of
organization that you work for, plus all organizations that have control over,
are under the control of, or are under common control with that
organization. **control** means ownership of substantially all the assets of an
entity, or the power to direct its management and policies by vote, contract, or
otherwise. Control can be direct or indirect.

**your licenses** are all the licenses granted to you for the software under
these terms.

**use** means anything you do with the software requiring one of your licenses.

**trademark** means trademarks, service marks, and similar rights.

Licensor: Hypi LTD
